# TASK 22999* Add point sign in-out and Cloud Cache (#1031)
MicrosoftDocs/cloud-adoption-framework: docs/scenarios/wvd/eslz-business-continuity-and-disaster-recovery.md

- For virtual machines (VMs) in each region, invert the Cloud Cache registry entry that specifies locations to give precedence to the local cache registry.
- Load balancing incoming user connections can't take proximity into account. All hosts are equal, and users might be directed to a remote (and not optimal) Azure Virtual Desktop host pool VM.
- This configuration is limited to a *pooled* (shared) host pool type. For a *personal* (dedicated) type, when a desktop is assigned to a user on a certain session host VM, the desktop doesn't change, even if the VM isn't available.

> - Cloud Cache doesn't improve the users' sign-on and sign out experience when using poor performing storage. It's common for environments using Cloud Cache to have slightly slower sign-on and sign out times, relative to using traditional VHDLocations, using the same storage. [Review the FSLogix Cloud Cache documenation for recommendation regarding local cache storage.](/fslogix/cloud-cache-resiliency-availability-cncpt)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Cloud Cache doesn't improve the users' sign-on and sign out experience when using poor performing storage. It's common for environments using Cloud Cache to have slightly slower sign-on and sign out times, relative to using traditional VHDLocations, using the same storage. [Review the FSLogix Cloud Cache documentation for recommendations regarding local cache storage](/fslogix/cloud-cache-resiliency-availability-cncpt).
```
Typo & minor edits
